I don't know how difficult it is to replicate that we're talking offline about,
uh, Boston dynamics, robots. Um, they've recently been,
they did both par core. They did flips. They've also done some dancing
and it's something I think a lot about because what most people don't realize
because they don't look deep enough as those robots are hard coded to do
those things. The, the robots didn't figure it out by themselves.
And yet the,
the fundamental aspect of what it means to be human is that process of figuring
out of making mistakes.
And then there's something about overcoming those challenges and the mistakes,
and like figuring out how to lose yourself in the magic of the dancing, uh,
or just movement is what it means to be human, that learning process.
So that's what I wanna do with the, with the, um,
almost as a fun side thing with the,
the Boston dynamics robots is to have them learn and see what they figure out.
Even if it, even if they make mistakes, I wanna let
spot make mistakes. And in,
so during discover what it means to be alive,
discover beauty, because I think that's the essential aspect of mistakes.
Boston dynamics, folks want spot to be perfect.
<laugh> because they don't want spot to ever make mistakes because they wants to
operate in the factories. It wants to be, you know, very safe and so on. For me,
if you construct the environment,
if you construct a safe space for robots and allow them to make mistakes,
something beautiful might be discovered,
but that requires a lot of brain power spot is currently very dumb.
And I'm gonna add, give it a brain. Uh,
so first make it see currently can't see,
meaning computer vision has to understand its environment has to see all the
humans, but then also has to be able to learn, learn about its movement,
learn how to use this body, to communicate with others,
all those kinds of things that do know how to do well.
Humans know how to do somewhat well. Um, I think that's a beautiful challenge,
but first you have to allow the robot to make mistakes.
Well, I think, um, your objective is laudable,
but you're gonna realize that the Boston Dyna dynamics folks are right the first
time spot poops on your rug. <laugh>.
Um, I hear the same thing about kids and so on. Uh,
but I still want to have kids. No, you.
You should. It's, it's, it's a great experience. Um,
so let me step back into what you said in a couple of different places. One,
I've always believed that the missing element in, uh,
robotics and artificial intelligence is a proper development, right?
It is no accident.
It is no mere coincidence that human beings are the most dominant species on
planet earth.
And that we have the longest childhoods of any creature on earth by far, right?
The development is the key to the flexibility. And so, uh,
the capability of a human at adulthood is the
mirror image. It's the flip side of our helplessness at birth.
Um, so I'll be very interested to see what happens in your, uh, robot project.
If you do not end up, uh, reinventing childhood for robots,
which of course is foreshadowed in 2001, quite brilliantly.